hello and welcome to videojug we're
going to show you how to make stuffed
peppers step one you'll need the
following ingredients to serve four
people for medium sized peppers 250
grams of long grain rice cooked 250
grams of minced beef one large onion
minced four cloves of garlic minced 1
teaspoon of cumin 1 teaspoon of paprika
2 tablespoons of parsley salt and pepper
2 tablespoons of basil and for the
tomato sauce two cans of chopped
tomatoes weighing eight hundred grams
four garlic cloves minced 1 onion finely
chopped 2 tablespoons of basil half a
teaspoon of chili flakes 1 teaspoon of
sugar and 4 tablespoons of olive oil
here is a handy list of the ingredients
you will also need these utensils to
saucepans a wooden spoon a spoon a hand
blender a chopping board and a knife
step to make the sauce place the sauce
pan over a medium heat and add some oil
followed by the onions gradually sweat
the onions stirring occasionally until
almost transparent next add the garlic
and cook for about a minute now add the
cans of chopped tomatoes
followed by the sugar and chili flakes
and season with salt and pepper leave
the source to cook for 10 to 15 minutes
after about 10 minutes add the basil and
cook for a further minute
then using the hand blender blend the
source it should have a thick
consistency remove from the heat step
three make the filling eat the other
sauce pan over high temperature pour in
the oil add the minced beef and cook
while stirring to break the meet up when
the beef is almost done add the onion
and continue cooking for another two to
three minutes next add the garlic
followed by the rice
then mix it all together well and turn
the heat off here add the cumin the
paprika season with salt and pepper and
finally add the basil and parsley mix
together thoroughly step 4 prepare the
peppers preheat the oven to 180 degrees
centigrade that's 350 degrees Fahrenheit
or gas mark 4 take one of the peppers
and chop off the top don't discard it as
we will use it later using a spoon scoop
out the seeds repeat the same thing with
the other three peppers then remove a
very small slice from the bottom so that
the pepper will stand up
step 5 stuff the peppers spoon the beef
and rice mixture into the peppers until
almost full
press it down to make sure the mixture
is tightly packed don't overfill them as
you need to leave space for the source
take one pepper and add a couple of
spoonfuls of the tomato sauce then place
it into the saucepan with the source
repeat the same thing with the other
peppers finally replace the tops and
they're now ready to bake step 6 bake
the peppers put the lid on the sauce
spoon
and place in the center of the oven and
cook for about one hour
step 7 serve when the peppers are soft
take the sauce pan out of the oven and
remove the lid then spoon some of the
sauce onto a serving dish arrange the
peppers on top and serve the filling for
these stuffed peppers can be modified to
create an endless variety of choices and
that's how to make stuffed peppers the
videojug way
you